index.rst, before:

.. Metalcloud Documentation documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Mar 10 22:28:54 2020.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Metalcloud's documentation!
====================================================

The Bigstep Metalcloud is an IaaS service focused on offering low latency and high performance compute and storage services. The service offers the same level of flexibility that is typical from a cloud provider but using only bare metal.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   general/introduction
   general/getting_started
   general/metalcloud_instances
   general/metalcloud_pricing
 

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Guides:
   
   guides/managing_infrastructures
   guides/managing_instance_arrays
   guides/managing_drive_arrays
   guides/using_the_cli
   guides/using_the_terraform_provider


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Advanced:

   advanced/creating_an_iscsi_os_template
   advanced/creating_a_local_install_os_template
   advanced/manually_managing_iscsi_connections
   advanced/enabling_two_factor_authentication
   advanced/managing_assets
   advanced/managing_variables_and_secrets

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Others:

   general/additional_resources
   general/release_notes

Additional resources
--------------------
- `Terraform Provider <https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/metalcloud/index.html>`_
- `CLI <https://github.com/bigstepinc/metalcloud-cli>`_
- `GO SDK <https://github.com/bigstepinc/metal-cloud-sdk-go>`_
- `User API Documentation <https://api.bigstep.com/metal-cloud>`_
- `Additional SDKs <https://api.bigstep.com/metal-cloud#api-clients>`_

Commit message:

added documentation around users and permissions, s and billing

index.rst, after:

.. Metalcloud Documentation documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Tue Mar 10 22:28:54 2020.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to Metalcloud's documentation!
====================================================

The Bigstep Metalcloud is an IaaS service focused on offering low latency and high performance compute and storage services. The service offers the same level of flexibility that is typical from a cloud provider but using only bare metal.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   general/introduction
   general/getting_started
   general/metalcloud_instances
   general/metalcloud_pricing
 

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Guides:
   
   guides/managing_infrastructures
   guides/managing_instance_arrays
   guides/managing_drive_arrays
   guides/managing_billing_information
   guides/managing_users_and_permissions
   guides/retrieving_the_utilization_report
   guides/using_the_cli
   guides/using_the_terraform_provider


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Advanced:

   advanced/creating_an_iscsi_os_template
   advanced/creating_a_local_install_os_template
   advanced/manually_managing_iscsi_connections
   advanced/enabling_two_factor_authentication
   advanced/managing_assets
   advanced/managing_variables_and_secrets
   advanced/setting_up_users_and_permissions_in_reseller_scenarios

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Others:

   general/additional_resources
   general/release_notes

Additional resources
--------------------
- `Terraform Provider <https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/metalcloud/index.html>`_
- `CLI <https://github.com/bigstepinc/metalcloud-cli>`_
- `GO SDK <https://github.com/bigstepinc/metal-cloud-sdk-go>`_
- `User API Documentation <https://api.bigstep.com/metal-cloud>`_
- `Additional SDKs <https://api.bigstep.com/metal-cloud#api-clients>`_
